[asl][reference] added examples from old reference (#1327)
herd/herdtools7: asllib/doc/SubprogramDeclarations.tex

\chapter{Subprogram Declarations\label{chap:SubprogramDeclarations}}

The \Tfunc{} keyword declares a subprogram. If a return type is included it is a \emph{function declaration},
otherwise it is a \emph{procedure declaration}. \identr{RXHX}

In \listingref{SubprogramDeclarations}, \verb|Add| is a function whereas \verb|IncrementCounter| is a procedure.
\ASLListing{Subprogram declarations}{SubprogramDeclarations}{\definitiontests/SubprogramDeclarations.asl}

\listingref{ParametricFunction} shows an example of a parametric function \verb|f| and its invocations.
\ASLListing{Invoking a parametric function}{ParametricFunction}{\definitiontests/ParametricFunction.asl}

\listingref{ParametricFunction2} shows an example of a parametric function \verb|append| and its invocations.
\ASLListing{Invoking a parametric function}{ParametricFunction2}{\definitiontests/ParametricFunction2.asl}

\section{Accessors}

> A special kind of subprograms are \emph{getters} and \emph{setters}, which are paired to form an \emph{accessor}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Special kinds of subprograms are \emph{getters} and \emph{setters}, which are paired to form an \emph{accessor}
```
